[Music]
hi everyone and welcome to our
continuing coverage of the longest and
worst staycation of all time I'm Jimmy
Kimmel coming to you tonight from my
house again
this is her second night doing a real
show with real cameras and we got a lot
of comments on YouTube that insisted I'm
standing in front of a green screen
which I am NOT and why would I be why
would I set up a green screen in my
house to make it look like I'm in my
house and trust me if I did there'd be a
tiger in this house let me actually if
you want proof I'm not in front of a
green screen I'll give you proof here we
go
[Music]
I'm pretty sure that this is not
something you could do on a green screen
but I'm sure somebody could figure I
can't believe people are concentrating
on that and not on how crazy my hair
looks my wife had to help me tame it
today you know you can't get a haircut
you can't go out to eat you can't run up
to a stranger and lick their face
anymore
it feels like we're living in the
opening scene of a zombie movie
and yet Humanity is still happening
we've seen videos from Italy and all
over the world of families isolated
their apartments belting out songs from
their balconies playing instruments to
lift their spirits and spirits to those
around them and nowhere have these fire
escape artists been greeted with more
enthusiasm than in New York City and
that was mayor de Blasio New York is the
best they're having a very tough time
sadly the death toll in New York City is
over 900 now the governor is asking
doctors and nurses from other states to
come and help last night this is how
they lit up the Empire State Building to
honor emergency workers and represent
the heartbeat of America and also to
scare the hell out of everyone pull over
the Empire State Building is flashing
its lights here in LA the mood is a bit
less grim partly thanks to a delightful
elf named death
[Music]
it's kung-fu pandemic see that's the
sort of thing we need right now this is
one of the ways they're fighting the
virus in India a policeman there I don't
know if he made this or where he got it
but he had a special helmet that looks
like the coronavirus or a character that
got cut from Star Wars I don't know but
if I tell you what if that doesn't scare
you off the streets
nothing will some business owners sadly
have been trying to cash in on the
demand for masks this is an attempt that
backfired in a big way the owner of a
Subway franchise in Canada up in Calgary
was offering a special deal free medical
masks to protect you and your kids by
any to regular sandwiches get one free
medical mask and of course the community
was outraged and the company and the guy
who owns the store apologized here's the
thing no you don't need to offer me a
mask it's not necessary the reason I'm
buying the sandwich in the first place
is so I can get the napkins from my
bathroom you want to sell Turkey give
the people toilet paper meanwhile our
government may be doing an about-face
about the face the Center for Disease
Control is discussing whether or not to
recommend that we all wear masks in
public which would mean that after all
this time turns out Michael Jackson had
the right idea I mean if he was alive
today he would be alive today I'm ok
with this to be honest there's something
kind of fun about wearing up masks to
the store you're like a superhero whose
only power is to buy up all the
SpaghettiOs and while the CDC figures
out what we should do the president
doesn't sound so sure about this masks
plan
I saw his suggestion on that so we'll
take a look at it for a period of time
not forever I mean you know we want our
country back we're not going to be
wearing masks forever but it could be
for a short period of time right he
can't wear a mask it would totally mess
up the bronzer on his face and not only
isn't Trump enthusiastic about masks
after all this talk about being careful
about washing your hands avoiding saliva
droplets etc etc he still does a lot of
touching of the White House community
Mike
phone thank you so we are in the midst
of something yesterday I announced that
we would be have to say what you're
doing because it's been you look at
Louisiana and for a long time it was
just I hope it doesn't happen I'd like
to ask I'd like to ask Seema to come up
and say if he were a great job thank you
Steve but he's a friend of mine and I do
appreciate it thank you Mike Scott Scott
thank you we just witnessed a battle
between ignorance and germophobia and
germophobia got knocked out cold Trump
also had strong words for his least
favorite reporter Jim Acosta of CNN what
do you say to Americans who are upset
with you over the way you downplayed
this crisis over the last couple of
months we have it very much under
control in this country we're doing a
great job with it it will go away it
will go away and we're gonna have a
great victory and it's people like you
and CNN that say things like that that
it's why people just don't want to
listen to CN anymore you could ask a
normal question the statements I made
are I want to keep the country calm I
don't want panic in the country
I could cause panic much better than
even you I could do much I would make
you look like a minor league player then
that's great that was our president
boasting about his ability to terrify us
don't worry we know you're really good
at that okay you don't have to brag this
kind of tells you all you need to know
about how things are going at the White
House Trump showed off the nuke ovid 19
testing machine and he had it upside
down this is the 61 div Ock I mean oh
kovat 19 it's also the way he's going to
present his economic charts from here on
look at this straight up this is
inspiring to if ever there was a living
testament to believing in yourself it is
this president who somehow even in the
middle of a devastating public health
crisis still manages to find time to pay
tribute to himself we have done an
incredible job we are doing a great job
I think for the most part they were
saying thank you for doing a great job
we're doing
an awfully good job myself in the
administration they're doing a good job
great job I'm doing a good job we're
doing a great job we're doing a great
job I think we're doing a really good
job people like the job that we're doing
doing a good job I think we're doing a
great job on as good a job as you can
possibly do if only his dad had said
that once to him maybe things would be
different
speaking of great jobs today was the
first day of work for Donald Trump's new
new chief of staff mark meadows which
can you think of any worse first day of
work than in the Trump administration in
the middle of a pandemic I would rather
be the assistant manager at Popeye's the
day those chicken sandwiches came out
Marg Meadows was a congressman from
North Carolina
he's one of trumps most enthusiastic
suck-ups in fact the only reason he
agreed to take the job as chief of staff
is because he found out first lady was
taken already Meadows will be Trump's
fourth chief of staff in three years and
we all know what the president thinks
about instability like that three chief
of staff's in less than three years of
being president part of the reason why
Barack Obama can't manage to pass his
agenda but that was 2012 that was it was
different he really does have a tweet
for everything as the days go on more
well known people have been confirmed to
have coronavirus some in the media a lot
of reporters are working from home now
which can be difficult especially when
your dad's around technology kills
viruses and just what what did you do
mom dad holy crap that could have been a
lot worse a lot worse this morning we
got a big announcement from ABC our
network that said there will be no
bachelor Summer Games this summer which
whoa this suddenly just got real for me
I don't know about you but it's funny
that the bachelor waited an entire week
after the real Olympics canceled to put
the kibosh on the bachelor Olympics I
guess they had no choice but the truth
is corona is only the third most
dangerous virus lurking in the Batchelor
hot tub tomorrow in case you didn't know
is April Fool's Day and then
one is very ripe because everyone is so
on edge and we have nothing but time so
we came up with a few ideas some simple
ways to torment your loved ones write
these down because you're gonna be glad
you did
here are some midnight last minute April
Fool's ideas for tomorrow now this one
my daughter Katie came up with she's
been texting her friend what you do is
you text your friends all of them
individually saying hey I'm outside your
house answer the door it's good you
could put a sex toy in an Amazon box and
tell your mom a package came you could
cancel Netflix tell the family you did
it so everyone could spend this time
getting to know one another you could
set your Alexa to tell everyone to wash
their hands every 4 minutes you could
start setting up for a party and when
someone asked what's going on say I
invited some people over I'll be here in
a few minutes you can wake your kids up
early tell them they're late for school
you could boil a roll of toilet paper
you could grab your coat and head for
the door when somebody asks where you go
and say to the movies I'm hearing great
things about Sonic the Hedgehog and for
those who have a baby monitor
this one's inspired by Mark Rober who's
been on our show a number of times you
can go to his YouTube channel and check
out his pranks he did something like
this using the reader parking camera on
his car what you do is you print a scary
photo like this one then position that
photo in front of your baby monitor
assuming you have a baby once the baby
falls asleep you tell your spouse to
turn the monitor on and this is what
you'll see bad news honey
our baby has rabies and guess what
there's nothing your husband or wife can
do we're quarantined you legally cannot
get divorced right now you know we've
all been trying to get through these
days of isolation as best we can but
some of you are really going above and
beyond to keep the rest of us
entertained and that being said here is
our quarantine killer of the night
I like that is very good stuff meanwhile
when I did that they kicked me out of
Home Depot